docs(config): fix configuration reference for jailbreak, streaming and sample conversation (#1643)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails: docs/configure-rails/configuration-reference.md

### Streaming

```{deprecated} v0.20.0

> The top-level `streaming` field is deprecated. Use `rails.output.streaming` for output rail streaming configuration, and the `stream_async()` method for streaming responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top-level `streaming` field is a boolean that is no longer required. Use the `stream_async()` method directly instead. For output rail streaming configuration, see [Output Streaming Configuration](#output-streaming-configuration).
```

```

```yaml
streaming: false
```

> The top-level `streaming` field is a boolean that is no longer required. Use the `stream_async()` method directly instead. For output rail streaming configuration, see [Output Streaming Configuration](#output-streaming-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Duplicated content.
